Use the eq-bytecode even without optimizations. (#2578)
toitlang/toit: src/compiler/CMakeLists.txt

set_source_files_properties(propagation/type_set.cc PROPERTIES COMPILE_OPTIONS "-O3")
set_source_files_properties(propagation/type_stack.cc PROPERTIES COMPILE_OPTIONS "-O3")

if (DEFINED ENV{TOIT_OPTIMIZATION_OVERRIDE})
  # Use the optimization level from the environment and pass it in as define.
  message("OVERRIDING OPTIMIZATION LEVEL")
  target_compile_definitions(toit_compiler PRIVATE TOIT_OPTIMIZATION_OVERRIDE=$ENV{TOIT_OPTIMIZATION_OVERRIDE})
endif()
if (DEFINED ENV{TOIT_ASSERT_OVERRIDE})

>   # Use the optimization level from the environment and pass it in as define.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Use the assert setting from the environment and pass it in as define.
```

Author: done.
